[BILIN] Sorry I'm late.
Someone tell me what's going on.
The hell?
[MCGEE] My town.
Liverchester is on fire!
[KEVIN sighs]
It's just as Jimi said.
In the end, we all burn
the things we love.
You've finally arrived.
Your Majesty.
You're all dirty rats!
You knew this was gonna happen!
[KEVIN]
We knew there was a price.
One that our country
will pay as well.
[ACE]
This land and that Player.
These will be the cost of our
final victory over the Earless.
[TOMMY]
This is it. Project Freedom.
The killing blow
against the Earless.
And there he is.
Jimi Stonefree.
[JIMI]
Well, hello, humans.
[BILIN]
This wasn't in the plan, Jimi!
[JIMI] The plan now is to find
out if I can shake awake
a little something
inside you all.
What are you doing?
[JIMI] See. There's a lot
of people running around
not realizing they're asleep.
[JIMI humming]
[BILIN]
Jimi!
[TOMMY] I once heard it said,
by a certain man,
that all you need is love.
And to that, I say,
if love is all we need,
then let it rule over all.
[RESIDENT 9A] It's him.
Jimi's come back to us!
Mu.
Freedom.
[MU]
So I can give.
[TOMMY]
This place truly is something.
Don't you think?
[SALLY] I do. So, the final
battle will happen here
on Brighton Beach,
is that right?
Look, Sally. There.
I am the sea. In all the world.
What better place could there be
for everyone to witness
the final show?
Yes, the Player
of the Duel Showman
will at last be reawakened,
and the souls of everyone
living will be saved.
[TOMMY] Let us begin.
Project Freedom will succeed.
This will kick off
the Londinium Invasion.
[TOMMY]
The Second Coming.
[GIRL 8C]
The adults never managed
to learn from their mistakes.
When they failed to
drive away the Earless,
they simply complained.
But now, our time's
come at last.
You see these amps?
I don't recognize any of 'em.
[RESIDENT 9B]
They're not Council Unit.
[RESIDENT 9C]
Nah. Those're Anorak folks.
[RESIDENT 9B] And that guy
there's a Psychobilly.
[RESIDENT 9C] Seems all
kinds of Players heard about
the Duel Showman's revival
and came running here.
[ECHO] That was a few
days ago. Out of nowhere,
Players from across the world
converged on the city.
It was an incredible lineup.
Londinium was glowing
with excitement
as the Council prepared
for the Countdown event.
[ECHO]
But...
You dropped this.
Thank you.
You're a Player fan, right?
Where'd you come from?
Liverchester.
Really? It's amazing
you made it here
from out in the sticks!
I understand. There's
Players and Equipment
gathering here from
all over the world.
It's a once‐in‐
a‐lifetime chance!
Someday, I'm gonna
be just like Jimi,
piloting an Equipment
and fighting the Earless!
Uh‐‐ Hey, is that an amp?
Lemme see!
Could that mean you're
a Player yourself?
[ECHO] I'm not, and the
amp is broken. Sorry.
What's his deal? Lame.
[ECHO] This thing.
It's stopped shining.
[ACE]
Seems another year's gone by.
[TOMMY]
Indeed, Field Marshal.
And in the coming year,
we will see the door
to a new world
thrown open before us.
[ACE]
At Brighton Beach?
[TOMMY] A worthy venue for
the occasion. It's all set.
The Council Unit will
announce it tonight.
[ACE] I can't help feeling
you've rushed things.
The Duel Showman has reawakened
after ten long years.
There can be no excuse to let
this opportunity pass us by.
[ACE] Even if she's Jimi
Stonefree's younger sister,
can we really trust that girl?
[TOMMY] The awakening
is proof enough in itself.
Is that not precisely
where the danger lies?
Much like ten years ago,
in the end,
she could betray us, mankind!
Just as Jimi did.
You've gotten old.
Pardon?
[TOMMY] Nothing. You're seeing
love reign over all.
My generation
didn't have a future,
but now they've
found love and hope.
You can see that,
Field Marshal. Surely.
[JIMI]
This takes me back.
[MU] I don't get it.
I don't get anything.
When I met you,
I thought all my questions
were gonna be answered.
But now, it's like
I know even less.
Back then, I was living
in a room full of mirrors.
And me? Was I with you?
And the only thing
I could see was me.
So I guess that means
I wasn't there.
In the end, I took my spirit
and smashed the mirrors,
and the whole world was
there for me to see.
The whole world.
[EIN] The element of Dada
has fully awakened.
I'm grateful for the
vital work you've done.
This revolution
will be one worthy
of our generation,
thanks to you.
[EIN] Dada has no need of such
things as objective meaning.
I suppose that's fair,
considering that as of now,
we no longer have
a need of you either.
‐‐[STUR] What?
‐‐[ZENDE] Say what?
[EIN]
What exactly are you saying?
[TOMMY] Your work here
is done. You're dismissed.
‐‐[STUR] How rude!
‐‐[ZENDE] How insulting!
I'm not much for pleasantries.
[EIN] Tommy. One last
request, if I may.
[TOMMY]
Hm?
[EIN] This chaos.
It corrodes the self.
[TOMMY] Here‐‐is where we
shall announce our new plan.
After ten years,
the time has finally come.
Once again, we shall
enact Project Freedom!
A new year approaches,
and with it, a new beginning!
In the name of love,
humankind will rise
up once more!
We'll find our freedom
in this Second Coming!
[CROWD] Second Coming! Second
Coming! Second Coming!
[GIRL 8C]
We're in the Lost Decade.
That's what the
adults call this age.
The broken world
they made for us.
We've grown up living under
the specter of the Earless.
But now, our generation
must fight!
March with Tommy Walker!
The time is now!
Second Coming!
All this snow.
Friggin' sucks.
Nir? That's you, right?
What does it matter now?
Uh‐‐ Wait up!
[ECHO] Hey, um.
Whose graves were those?
[NIR] I'd been wondering
for a long time.
I would always ask myself where
you ended up after I left.
Huh?
But now, you're standing
right there. It's all wrong.
Wrong how?
[NIR] When I came here,
I didn't want it to be with you.
[NIR] Mu is really
Jimi's younger sister?
[ECHO]
I couldn't believe it, either,
but I can't deny everything
that's happened.
That makes sense.
I saw it, too.
On Christmas night.
She was on that Equipment.
I still don't understand.
How did it end up like this?
Once we met Jimi,
our journey would be all over.
And then...
Mu would... She would...
I was pulling hard for you guys.
Really. When I
first met you two,
I believed in you.
[NIR] And I guess...
You both got your wish,
but you didn't get
a happy ending out of it.
In the end,
Jimi was an Earless.
And Mu's his sister. Understand?
But Mu's not‐‐
[NIR]
You've seen it yourself.
You know what those
monsters are capable of.
Just like I've...
Ever since they
killed my family!
Remember what I said?
Being a Player means
losing your mind.
And Mu has to die.
[ECHO]
Nir, please. You can't do this.
[NIR]
I have no choice.
You can't do it,
Echo, but I can.
Because that's
what a Player does.
‐‐[NIR] Piss off.
‐‐[ECHO] No.
‐‐[NIR] You're just gonna‐‐
‐‐[ECHO] Get in the way?
[ECHO] Exactly. I won't
let you two fight.
[NIR] You're fulla crap.
You gonna stop us?
Like hell!
[ECHO]
Once you reach the tower,
do you have any
idea where to go?
[NIR]
No, what about it?
I spent a whole week
living up in the Watchtower.
I can be your guide.
Do what you want.
[ECHO]
That's what I'm doing.
[ECHO sighs]
Lucky us.
Security's light here 'cause
they're all at the rally.
[NIR]
Which way?
[ECHO] Uh, lemme think
a sec. This way.
Uh...
'Kay. Where to now?
I think we're headed in
the general direction.
You're doing this
on purpose, right?
[MAN 9A] Where are we
taking this stuff anyway?
Up top. They want us to load it
into the sprinkler system.
Whoa, straight Purple Haze?
And loads of it.
This is gonna blow some minds.
That's what the
party's all about.
Now move it, we're gonna
miss the New Year.
[BOTH gasp]
[NIR]
Purple Haze.
It looks exactly like the Teen
Spirit we had at the academy.
Teen Spirit? That crap's
just a cheap knockoff.
[ECHO]
Mister Marshall!
Hey, kid. Why would
you come back?
I'm guessing you're not
here to raid the stash.
You know him?
[MARSHALL] Hm? Interesting
little amp ya have there.
Hands off, creep!
Help us out. Where is Mu?
[MARSHALL] So that's why.
Still green, good to know.
[ECHO]
Huh?
[MARSHALL]
Hurry up. Follow me.
[ECHO]
Thank you, Mister Marshall.
[MARSHALL] Now, see,
when I said you were green...
[BOTH gasp]
[ECHO]
The Council Unit, and Sally!
We've located Echo.
And one more. A Player.
Grab them.
Damn old bastard. What is this?
Never trust anyone
over 30, right?
I'll hang on to this.
Throw them in
the basement cells.
[TOMMY] Now it's time
to start the second act.
Commander Tommy.
[TOMMY]
The boy came back?
Wasn't that gallant of him.
[ACE] Tommy! What is
the meaning of this?
Field Marshall.
Great timing. I need to‐‐
Did you intend to
dose the whole party?
[TOMMY] Ahh. With the
Purple Haze, you mean?
It's hardly a proper
party if we don't.
You only gathered
all those people here
to rob them of their will!
[TOMMY] Yes, and in its place
we will leave love to rule them.
To think that the one
who devised that plot
is the man I'm speaking to.
What is it you want?
Jimi hasn't been
brought back to life.
That girl is not him.
[TOMMY] She is the
Duel Showman's Player.
Then what the hell are you
trying to do with his amp?
[TOMMY]
I'm trying to fulfill your wish.
Field Marshal.
To secure the future
you've been longing for
in the depths of your heart.
No.
[TOMMY]
Absolutely! And you know it.
A world free of the Earless,
with Londinium
standing at the top!
That's right. Your dream,
made real at last.
You're wrong. These
ten years, I've changed.
I don't buy that.
When the people transcend
the boundaries of the self.
When they come together
into a singular consciousness.
That is when we will
reach the next world,
one free of the Earless.
This will be the true
Londinium Invasion.
Tommy. That won't
bring us freedom.
How can you be free if
you give up your will,
your very sense of self?
[TOMMY]
What's that? My will?
I never had one.
[gasps]
[TOMMY] The kids have
kept me well informed
of the treasonous acts you've
been plotting, Field Marshal.
You would train children to
carry out surveillance for you?
You've been communicating
with Denka the Purple
as well as the king
without a country.
You're the only one here who's
given up his sense of self.
Walker, you wretch.
This is madness!
[TOMMY] I bear no such burden.
I'm only a mirror.
Whenever somebody looks at me,
it's merely their own ambition
they see gazing back.
Ashes to ashtrays.
Dust to dustbins.
My friends. It's time
for the party.
[ECHO]
Sorry. Nir.
[NIR]
"Don't trust grown‐ups."
Hole always told me that.
Guess it didn't matter, 'cause
in the end, they used him, too.
It's like no matter where
they go, Players all get used.
Just like Mu‐‐
[NIR]
Screw her! Mu is an Earless.
And that's why
I have to kill her.
You can't!
[JOE] It's you, right?
The kids who snuck in here?
Which means, you're Nir.
My name's Joe. Ritchie and
Lyde were friends of mine.
[gasps]
[JOE]
They told me plenty about you.
Those two. Listen.
Yeah, well. Best ending they
could've hoped for, really.
Where did my amp go?
That weaselly old man
Marshall grabbed it.
[JOE]
Marshall. Yeah. I saw him.
Hey. Think you could
let me out, too?
Not my call.
He'd only try to stop me.
I'll come back.
After Mu is finally
taken care of.
Nir. Wait! Don't go!
[NIR] I gotta get my amp back.
Lead the way, Joe!
[JOE]
Right! No problem!
Stop, Nir! You can't do this!
I am a Player. Mu!
Old man! Get out here!
[ECHO]
Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
What are you?
Uh‐oh!
[NIR yells]
Giddy up!
[ECHO]
I haven't got‐‐much time.
All right!
Gotta make it. Mu!
[ECHO]
Come on. Where are you?
Mu!
[ECHO]
Hey, Mu?
[TOMMY] Honestly,
you're hopelessly earnest.
And what's worse,
you're quite stupid.
[ECHO gasps] What kind of plot
have you dragged Mu into?
"Dragged," you say?
Why, I would never.
Mu elected to take advantage
of this opportunity.
[ECHO]
She wouldn't do that!
[TOMMY]
The girl you came here with
was a facade and nothing more.
This is who Mu really is inside.
So that's it.
She received the answers to her
questions and accepted them.
The only one who hasn't‐‐is you.
[TOMMY]
In the name of love and hope,
Mu will do for us
what Jimi couldn't.
We'll carry on the war
to set humanity free,
with her standing in his place.
And where Jimi failed,
she will succeed.
But this. This just isn't right.
How do you figure?
She came to meet Jimi,
did she not?
And she made the choice
to take part in this plan.
Now, we've reached the end.
And Mu has become
Jimi himself. You see?
She'll take his
place at our side
in the fight with the Earless.
Hm? Did I get
something wrong, friend?
[ECHO] When I was back in
Liverchester, I knew nothing.
About the world or the Earless.
But then I met Mu,
and so many others.
I've seen new places,
and I understand now.
Our true enemy
is not the Earless.
You've missed
the point entirely.
Explain it to him. Princess.
[ECHO] Mu! I have
something to tell you.
Listen!
[ECHO gasps]
[NIR]
This isn't a friggin' tea party!
Nir. You can't!
[NIR]
Mu!
[TOMMY] Ah. You're Hole's
puppet. How fun.
Cut the crap!
Down in front, amateurs.
I came here for Mu! Now die!
Happy New Year!
[grunting]
[yells]
Well. Hello, humans.
[NIR]
Damn you!
I'm gonna tear
you apart, Earless!
So many of you around.
All obsessed with the
same dead guy, to a one.
It truly is a strange story.
I won't stop until you die!
[MU]
Pure fantasy.
[JIMI]
Love doesn't lie.
If there is something to be
changed in this world,
then it can only
happen through love.
[JIMI humming]
[JIMI] And in the end,
we all burn the things we love.
Now burn, as my offering.
Yes. Burn them!
They're yours to sacrifice!
Stop this!
Mu, you were drugged.
But I... I know you
can still fight it!
Even if you were right,
it's far too late to stop now.
It was you all along.
This power is destroying
my mind all because of you!
[TOMMY]
Duel Showman. Do it!
[MU]
Top.
No, Mu! Please!
[ECHO]
You're not Jimi!
I need you to hear me!
Okay? Listen. Mu.
[MU]
Mu? Who is that, human?
No matter.
Little boy. You're no Player.
Over the Top. Boost.
Echo. Look out!
[NIR screams]
[MARSHALL] Bloody hell.
Who left the scraps out?
Best get 'em to
the compost heap.
Hup.
[ECHO]
Mu!
[MARSHALL]
Hey! Echo! You dead, son?
Huh?
[MARSHALL]
Well, that answers that.
[MARSHALL] Job market in
this town just took a dive.
[ECHO]
Aren't you on their side?
[MARSHALL] Hm? Nah,
this was never my fight.
Gimme the cash and I'll
be on your side, too.
Yeah. I go where the money is
and I do what I get paid to do.
Then why bother saving me?
Because we're both underdogs.
We'll be safer in a pack.
Wanna stick together?
[alarm ringing]
Hurry! Hop off.
C'mon, Echo!
Well, good luck.
[ECHO]
I knew it. From the start.
There's nothing I can do.
There never was.
[JIMI]
We were caged in a tiny world,
behind twelve bars
and five notes.
So we shed our blood
in order to break free.
And that's when we
discovered the real world.
"Cross Road Blues." A Player
makes a deal with the devil.